You probably know some game.
square
whether you are a young skirt or 18
cycle had super mario human rpg
kingdom hearts
I short very short trigger with
time travel and multiple characters
of choice of super nintendo and also
short bushido blade
the war between two clans of when they
fatal body of the plane
if you have never heard of any
these games for sure you've heard
talk of final fantasy is just
name or reputation among the rpg that
this franchise has range from small to
the current generations
if you do not know final young fantasy
For god's sake, try to know more.
how this developer managed
cross generations and win millions
of fans
now starts the big games company
business choose software 30 years ago
was founded to choose in Yokohama by the
recently graduated in massafumi computing
my bike and it was a division of the company
him his father's tea working with
power transmission technology
choose was in charge of producing
digital games as an example project for
the diversity the sour from where my motorcycle
was formed while at that time the
games were produced by a single
programmer but my bike trail
believed it would be more efficient to have
a team with which various graphics
programmers and writers
so he hired the students to laugh at the
nobu sakaguchi and romiti tanaka that
dropped out of college and went on to
work full time at school
the first games of the square were the
death trip and the sequence the df picchu to
mac computers mac pc 8801 mac pc 9801
and fujitsu fm 7
these games are interactive fiction
this genre is basically clicking on the
things that surrounds the character and this
running puzzles and advancing
in September 1986 to choose
separated tea from dengue to become
and advise you to choose
limited company won the
contract when you understand and have moved
to tokyo and sakaguchi became
president of planning and
development
after developing and distributing
several unsuccessful games like cross and
celesc that was the game of robots that
was not quite a rpg but with fights for
shifts
whom the site was a cycle in which shutter
it was kind of like these games and in the neighboring view
from above and the screen is moving forward
alone but instead of ship it was the
knight tossing a sword or casting a saber
there three of rodrigo ana was something like
with knight
but seen from another angle simulating 3d and
as the title of the game speaks and reiser was
a game very similar to the topiqueiro a
super - within a year the company already
was almost entering big bankruptcy
part was the fault of the great team of
developers required by miyamoto
because if the company were small with
few employees
the games would be profit but also
could be that the games did not have
reached the expected quality and thus
request - in life is so the young you
You have to invest to risk to win.
money have to spend money on r
You have to make me laugh and this, unfortunately.
forced me on the motorcycle until I dismissed
half of the people left over to make
one last game
this one and if it did not work to choose
I would close and miyamoto I trusted
in sakaguchi said this our
last chance to thrive
so go child develop our last
project
johnny this will be my final fantasy
and safo sakaguchi fucking
see the enix sales success with rpg
dragon quest decided to create a rpg
launching the final fantasy on 18
December 1987
sakaguchi your ultimate fantasy name
because he had a philosophy that
we must give our utmost to deliver everything
our potential at once without
save anything for a sequence and when
finish you 're empty just from the
times of their ideas again and again.
allows you to create new materials
that's why every new title at the end
fantasy
it is not a continuation of
story and the characters change
another reason to call it fantasy
end is because this would in fact be the
last project in the
video games for him and then him
would continue his engineering faculty
if the game fails again
but fortunately your game saved school
air turned success selling 400,000
and became the main series of the
choose to launch sequence and 88 and 89 if
making a reference in final rpg
fantasy meets complex stories to
be a film and interaction with
characters that leaves everything very rich
it's catchy
along with each game could be released
a book
the stories are so long and complex
that the script of final fantasy 5 had
to be reduced to chip Hair
super nintendo and how the hydrogram
Japanese take up less memory space
three Japanese syllables are equivalent to
four western syllables
this led to even small changes in the
story and in the names of the characters
when the game was exported to america
Europe and this is the end of the first
of the young leave their liquidity her
comment for me to know if this series
is giving good results
Thank you for watching and see you next time.